[JBEAP-19561] Update shared-resources referenced from EAP QS readmes (#137)
jboss-developer/jboss-developer-shared-resources: guides/USE_JBDS.md

For information about how to configure Maven and  Red Hat CodeReady Studio for use with the quickstarts, see [Configure Maven for Use with Red Hat Red Hat CodeReady Studio](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_jboss_enterprise_application_platform/7.3/html-single/development_guide/#configure_maven_for_use_with_red_hat_jboss_developer_studio) in the _Development Guide_ for JBoss EAP.

For information about how to deploy and run the quickstarts and to run the Arquillian tests in Red Hat CodeReady Studio, see [Run the Quickstarts in Red Hat CodeReady Studio](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_jboss_enterprise_application_platform/7.3/html-single/getting_started_guide/index#using_the_quickstart_examples) in the _Getting Started Guide_ for JBoss EAP.

For instructions to run the Arquillian tests using the Maven command line, see [Run the Arquillian Tests](https://github.com/jboss-developer/jboss-developer-shared-resources/blob/master/guides/RUN_ARQUILLIAN_TESTS.md#run-the-arquillian-tests).

> See [Red Hat Red Hat CodeReady Studio](https://developers.redhat.com/products/codeready-studio/overview/ "Get Started") on the Red Hat Developer Program web site for additional information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Red Hat Red Hat CodeReady Studio](https://developers.redhat.com/products/codeready-studio/overview/ "Get Started") on the Red Hat Developer Program website for additional information.
```

Author: Fixed

## Known Issues for JBoss EAP Quickstarts

You may see one or more of the following errors or warnings when you import quickstart projects into Red Hat CodeReady Studio.

* **JRE System Library Problem: Build path specifies execution environment JavaSE-1.6. There are no JREs installed in the workspace that are strictly compatible with this environment.**

>     The JBoss EAP 6 quickstarts demonstrate Java EE 6 features and are built on Java SE 6. Red Hat CodeReady Studio requires Java 8 to run, but is still capable of launching runtimes with various versions of Java. You can ignore this warning, or you can install a JDK 6 on your machine and add it to the Eclipse Java Runtime Environment by choosing `Preferences` --> `Java` --> `Installed JREs`.

Reviewer: Should this be EAP 7 instead of 6?

Author: No, from what I see that's a particular issue that applies only to EAP 6
